chore: Remove Pyzor + Razor packages (#4548)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

> **Note**: Changes and additions listed here are contained in the `:edge` image tag. These changes may not be as stable as released changes.

### Removed

> - **SpamAssassin**
>   - removed Pyzor and Razor ([#4548](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4548))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SpamAssassin:**
  - Removed Pyzor + Razor due to maintenance concerns. From observations it is unlikely to have any notable regression ([#4548](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4548))
```
